Things To Do:

DONE-Configure so canvas is set automatically to device width
FIXED--Elements are currently responsive, but need to keep the number of block desplayed divisible by resolution
FIXED--Adjustment bars are currently not being removed upon resizing, need to reload page to clear.
FIXED--Need to be able to reset page, especially if ant has been placed already

DONE-Add writeup about the math behind the process

DONE-Write some kind of horizontal control panel for adjusting and displpaying various parameters to replace the single paragraph cells
FIXED--Control Panel Added, need to configure the program to accept the new inputs.

???Add aditional pages for Mandlebrot Set, Cantor Set, Koch Lines, and Barnselys Fern???

???Have display for error message that are currently being logged to console??? 

DONE-Allow user control over speed of iterations

DONE-Have program stop when border has been reached

DONE-Add ability to place multiple ants

DONE-Optimize ant logic for speed. ?Instead of redrawing whole grid just redraw the flipped square?

DONE-Add ability to select and rotate ants

DONE-Add ability to start with random colored grid

DONE-Refactor and clean up program
FIXED--rename some of the unclear variables

???Remove click inside area warning???

???Add ability for ant to not go out of bounds but loop back to opposite edge, or bounce off of edge???

DONE-let user control scale

DONE-hover over coordinates for replication

DONE-save number of cycles

???save starting coordinates for replication???

DONE-Different colors for different ants

DONE-disable start button when startAnt is called to prevent skipping error

DONE-verify antPlaced flag is functioning
FIXED--error is occuring because ant is being placed outside of canvas when clicking start, this allows a user to prematuraly 
 start the StartAnt function
FIXED--Need to fix by adjusting the click event checking for the padding around the canvas.
//Fixed by changing diminsion check (mouseX < width && mouseY < height) to ((mouseX>0&&(mouseX<width))&&(mouseY>0&&(mouseY<height)))

bug user can set ants to two, place ants, reset ants to three click start, then place third ant.
--???Fix or Feature???

DONE-only change to cycleCount if ant has been placed
//Moved antStartedFlag inside if statement, garunteeing ants have been placed before switching 

DONE-Add "please place your ants" to cell5 when done with roate and select function implementation 

Clean up antDirectionCellData cell data
???put responsive icon here???

DONE-Add ability to pause program

Have autopilot version that places, rotates, and runs without need for user input

Add instructions/how-to
???Have in main page or have on button click???

ON-HOLD-screenResize having issues for mobile devices, temporarily turned off screenResize function
--Due to problems involving click events, mobile browser support of bootstrap and P5.js, and 
--canvas diminsions on mobile screens, it is not practical or feasible at this time to optimize
--for mobile devices. In future may use the code logic in a mobile app for support on mobile devices

DONE-update line 327

report bug component

allow user to adjust resolution and map current ant location to new grid.

???add a block that shows where the users mouse currently is???
--Joey's idea

Priority Issues:
DONE-1: allow user to adjust resolution
DONE-2: hover over coordinates
3: ???fix screen-resize for mobile devices???
--Due to problems involving click events, mobile browser support of bootstrap and P5.js, and 
--canvas diminsions on mobile screens, it is not practical or feasible at this time to optimize
--for mobile devices. In future may use the code logic in a mobile app for support on mobile devices
4: save data for replication
-???Have a repeat or share function???
5: instructions/how-to